Back and arrest people project.
We learned that we can use a shared module to use to drop down directive and multiple modules.
So let's create such a shared module and which better place to store it then a shared folder.
So I'll simply put my shared that module Dotty's fall in here.
And typically you only have one shared module in your application though of course you could create
multiple ones and then kind of indicate at the name or with the name which features the shared module
contains.
But again typically only one.
So hirable export my class shared module and I will add ngi module here as a decorator to turn it into
a module.
So decorator is just the same as on a feature module and so on.
And actually a shared module is just a normal N-G module.
It only differs regarding how we use it.
So in the N-G module we will also add declarations for all components directories or pipes we want to
share basically And here what we want to share is our dropdown directive.
So we have to declare it here or we do declare it here with the directive declared We now want to make
it available outside of this module.
So I will add the export Zarate and thus far we only used exports to export routing modules configured
Grodner modules.
I should say now we will use it to export the dropdown directive.
Why.
Well declaring it here is important because every component director for pipe you're going to use has
to be declared somewhere in your app in some module it has to be declared once only once not multiple
times.
As you saw that gave us an error only once but at least once too.
So exactly one time.
However the idea behind a shared module is that we will now be able to import the shared module into
the yabber modules and therefore to be able to use the drop down directive.
We also have to export it because keep in mind by default everything you set up in a module is only
available in that module and it isn't accessible from outside to make some features some components
accessible from outside you explicitly have to export them like we do with the drop down directive.
Now we can also add something else to the shared module the common module.
Now you can see that it didn't even imported for first where we always need to declare components and
so on.
We don't need to import modules to be able to export them so it wouldn't hurt if you Frot in the imports
aere you're an adult but it's not necessary.
So that's what our shared module does.
It provides a common module which is something that we'll probably use and other modules too.
And most importantly for our appier a dropdown directive and you could add more components or modules
which are shared across our modules.
Now with that we can go to the app module remove the dropdown declaration from your.
And that's important because remember you must only declare it once in your app and therefore we add
the shared module import here.
So a shared module and also at the import pointing to the file where you store this important we export
the common module in a shared module that doesn't interfere with our browser module.
You though we would simply use the browser module it will override the other one so that's no problem.
The only reason why you would export modules in shared modules in the first place is that if you have
more shared modules you don't have to list them all into components where you simply import a shared
module then.
So with that we added You shared module import to the app module.
Let's not added to the recipe's module.
So here I will simply add a word pointing to this shared module just like this.
And also at the import path at the top with this change in place.
Let's save this and view our application again.
And now you see the dropdown is working again here.
And if I quickly do a log in with the credentials I created the authentication section you see the drop
down here is working too.
And our whole application is working just like it was working.
So now we get the same state ask for it but we're using a feature module and a shared module.
Now before I continue with more modules and what to watch out for and how to improve performance let's
quickly optimize our recipe book even more.
And let's also create a feature module for the off section and for the shopping list section.
And that actually is a great practice for you.
Try creating these two feature modules on your own atom as imports.
The app.
Think about how you have to handle the routing at least for the off module maybe.
But then we will see how I did solve this how I would solve this in the next lecture